Updated README for alerting API (#65219)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/alerting/README.md

|id|Unique identifier for the alert type. For convention purposes, ids starting with `.` are reserved for built in alert types. We recommend using a convention like `<plugin_id>.mySpecialAlert` for your alert types to avoid conflicting with another plugin.|string|
|name|A user-friendly name for the alert type. These will be displayed in dropdowns when choosing alert types.|string|
|actionGroups|An explicit list of groups the alert type may schedule actions for, each specifying the ActionGroup's unique ID and human readable name. Alert `actions` validation will use this configuartion to ensure groups are valid. We highly encourage using `kbn-i18n` to translate the names of actionGroup  when registering the AlertType. |Array<{id:string, name:string}>|

> |defaultActionGroupId|Default ID value for the group of the alert type.|ActionGroup['id']|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|defaultActionGroupId|Default ID value for the group of the alert type.|string|
```

			threshold: schema.number({ min: 0, max: 1 }),
		}),
	},

> 	actionGroups: [

Reviewer: The formatting in GitHub for this is a bit off. Could be a mix of spaces and tabs?

			threshold: schema.number({ min: 0, max: 1 }),
		}),
	},
	actionGroups: [

>     {

Reviewer: Same here regarding spaces vs tabs

|Method|Description|
|---|---|
|getState()|Get the current state of the alert instance.|

> |scheduleActions(actionGroup, context)|Called to schedule the execution of actions. The actionGroup is a string `id` of relates to the group of alert `actions` to execute and the context will be used for templating purposes. This should only be called once per alert instance.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|scheduleActions(actionGroup, context)|Called to schedule the execution of actions. The actionGroup is a string `id` that relates to the group of alert `actions` to execute and the context will be used for templating purposes. This should only be called once per alert instance.|
```

- `spaceId` - the id of the space the alert exists in
- `tags` - the tags set in the alert

> The templating engine is [mustache]. General definition fot the [mustache variable] is a double-brace {{}}. All variables are HTML-escaped by default and if there is a requirenment to render unescaped HTML, should be applied the triple mustache: `{{{name}}}`. Also, can be used `&` to unescape a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The templating engine is [mustache]. General definition for the [mustache variable] is a double-brace {{}}. All variables are HTML-escaped by default and if there is a requirement to render unescaped HTML, it should be applied the triple mustache: `{{{name}}}`. Also, can be used `&` to unescape a variable.
```
